QGIS Django Project
This document describes the applications that we plan to eventually be part of the QGIS-DJANGO project.
Tim Sutton 2010
%! target       : html
%! style        : style.css
%! Options      : --toc --toc-level 3 --enum-title --css-sugar --css-inside
%! preproc      : TUT_URL   https://qgis.org
%! PostProc(html): '(?i)(<pre>)' '<div class="code">\1'
%! PostProc(html): '(?i)(</pre>)' '\1</div>'
% Next line will replace tabs with 2 spaces in txt generated outputs
%! PostProc(txt): '(?i)(\t)' '  '
%! encoding: iso-8859-1
% These are comments and will not be generated in any output
% -------------------

%This document is in text2tags format. You can generate html, plain text and
%moinmoin formatted documentation by running txt2tags on this document. See the
%txt2tags home page for more details.  Please insert manual line breaks in this
%document as it makes diffing for changes much easier. To do this in vim 
%automatically, select a section then issue (gq) command. Please dont
%apply vim formatting to the whole document as it screws up some formatting
%rather apply it selectively to paragraphs where needed.

% To generate the text version of this document:
% txt2tags -t txt -o APPS APPS.t2t
% To generate the moinmoin version of this document:
% txt2tags -t moin -o APPS.moin APPS.t2t
% To generate the html version of this document:
% txt2tags -t html -o APPS.html APPS.t2t
% To generate the LaTeX version of this document:
% txt2tags -t tex -o APPS.tex APPS.t2t

% End of comments
% -------------------


= Planned applications=

 + plugins - a django app for managing the QGIS python plugin repository
 + users - a django app for creating a community map and some demographics
 + snippets - a django app for users to share python and c++ snippets showing how to program QGIS
 + styles - a django app for users to publish the QGIS styles they have created
 + symbols - a django app for users to publish symbols (svg/png etc) they have created
 + planet - a blog aggregator for people blogging with QGIS related stuff
 + gallery - a gallery of maps made with QGIS
 + web links - a list of sites, articles etc. that feature QGIS prominantly
 + translate - a pootle instance for QGIS


